# World Details

Once you've made a basic map of several worlds and their attributes, flesh out each world with the following details. World details will inform each other, and details added to one world may lead you to change details on another. Let the process be iterative, and your worlds will feel more deeply connected to one another.

* **VIPs**: Describe one or two important NPCs in about a sentence each. These are people in positions of power and influence. What do they want, how do they weild power to get it?
* **Imports and Exports**: Based on the world's attributes, which types of goods are in supply and which are in demand? Make the goods more specific. For example if a world supplies Organics, is there a specific crop they export? How are your VIPs tied to the economy of the world and its neighbors? If they need to import necessities for survival, how do the people deal with that precarity?
* **Opportunities**: Write at least one opportunity for the PCs. Just a couple sentences describing a job somebody wants done, or a rumor about how a profit can be made. If you need NPCs for the opportunity, give them names and a Skill rank. 
* **Visuals**: Come up with one or two strong visual details to capture the feeling of the world, use these in play to describe the world to the players. A binary sunset reflecting off gleaming towers. A mouldering mountain of cast-off ancient tech. Ancient temple ruins choked under the roots of a great tree. A warren of cramped tunnels under a radiation-soaked surface. A local knight riding a giant flightless bird. Decadent nobles in a hovering skiff, watching peasants toil in the fields below.

Before the first session, keep these details as brief as possible. Just one or two sentences each. The players might latch onto any particular detail and make the whole game about that. Follow their lead, add details as necessary between sessions. If you play old-school dungeon games, consider giving each world no more detail than you might give an important room in a dungeon. The scale is just zoomed out.
